<h1>Python Program to Generate Notes File for Each Subdirectory</h1>
	<p>This script is a Python program that generates a notes file for each subdirectory in the current working directory.</p>
	<p>It starts by importing the <code>os</code> module to retrieve the current working directory path as a string. Then it uses the <code>pathlib</code> module to convert the string path to a path object. After that, it lists all the paths inside the current working directory using the <code>.iterdir()</code> method.</p>
	<p>The program then initializes three variables: <code>folder_count</code>, <code>existing_count</code>, and <code>new_count</code>, all with an initial value of 0. The program then enters a <code>for</code> loop that iterates over each item (i.e., file or directory) inside the current working directory. If the item is a directory (i.e., a subdirectory), the program increments the <code>folder_count</code> variable and proceeds to create a notes file for that directory.</p>
	<p>The name of the notes file is set to <code>{item}/{item.name}_Notes.txt</code>. The first <code>{item}</code> refers to the path of the directory, while <code>{item.name}</code> refers to the name of the directory. The <code>.txt</code> extension is added to denote that this is a text file.</p>
	<p>If a notes file already exists in the subdirectory, the program increments the <code>existing_count</code> variable and prints the message <code>File Exists</code>. Otherwise, the program increments the <code>new_count</code> variable, prints the message <code>Creating File {folder_count}: {file_to_create}</code> and proceeds to create a new file with the name and location specified in <code>file_to_create</code>.</p>
	<p>To create a new file, the program uses the <code>open()</code> function with the <code>x</code> mode. The <code>x</code> mode creates a new file and opens it for writing. If the file already exists, the <code>open()</code> function raises a <code>FileExistsError</code> exception.</p>
	<p>Finally, the program prints a summary of the number of subdirectories found, the number of existing notes files, and the number of new notes files created. The message includes the <code>folder_count</code>, <code>existing_count</code>, and <code>new_count</code> variables.</p>
